[EH][Perf] Update perf documentation and tests (#30663)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/tests/perfstress_tests/README.md

#  Event Hubs Python client performance tests

In order to run the performance tests, the `azure-devtools` package must be installed. This is done as part of the `dev_requirements.txt`. installation. Start by creating a new virtual environment for your perf tests. This will need to be a Python 3 environment, preferably >=3.7.

### Setup for test resources

These tests will run against a pre-configured EventHub. The following environment variables will need to be set for the tests to access the live resources:

```
AZURE_EVENTHUB_CONNECTION_STRING=<the connection string of an Event Hub.>
AZURE_EVENTHUB_NAME=<the path of the specific Event Hub to connect to>
```

If using Azure Blob Storage for checkpointing, the following environment variable will need to be set:

```
AZURE_STORAGE_CONNECTION_STRING=<the connection string of an Azure Storage account>
```

> ### Setup for perf test runs

Reviewer: just an FYI, we are removing mentions of T1 & T2 ?

Author: T1 legacy tests were removed a while back, so thought it wouldn't make sense to still mention T1 and T2.

- `SendEventsTest` - Send events using the `send_event` method from `EventHubProducerClient` if `batch-size` is 1, otherwise  send a list of events using the `send_batch` method.
- `SendEventBatchTest` - Send batches of events (`EventDataBatch`) using the `send_batch` method from `EventHubProducerClient`.
- `UamqpReceiveEventTest` - Receive and process events using `ReceiveClient` from `uamqp`.

A complete list of options for each test can be found by using `--help` on the test name. For example:

```cmd
(env) ~/azure-eventhub> perfstress ProcessEventsTest --help
```

### Common perf command line options

The `perfstress` framework has a series of common command line options built in. View them [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/main/doc/dev/perfstress_tests.md#default-command-options).

### Event Hubs perf test command line options

The options that are available for `SendEventsTest`/`SendEventBatchTest`:

- `--event-size=100` - Size of event body (in bytes). Defaults to 100.
- `--batch-size=100` - The number of events that should be included in each batch. Defaults to 100.

> - `--uamqp-transport` - Use the `uamqp` library as the underlying transport instead of pyamqp. Defaults to False.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--uamqp-transport` - Use the `uamqp` library as the underlying transport instead of the python based amqp library. Defaults to False.
```
